# README for Arizona Simplified App

In this application, users can select attributes commonly searched for in popular tourist destinations across Arizona to choose their next tourist attraction. When the user clicks the "New Adventure!" button, the app will gather the data from the dropdown menus, and the expense slider, and filter through the "arizonaActivities" list to check for a tourist destination that matches the desired attributes. The user can also generate a randomized tourist destination without selecting any attributes by clicking the "Random Adventure!" button. This method of attaining an output is similar too that of how the "New Adventure" button operates, however, a random index value from the "arizonaActivities" list is chosen, and the output is set to whatever tourist attraction that correlates to. One shortcut featured in the application is the ability to view the most affordable tourist destinations without changing the attributes--the user must choose "None" in the food dropdown and the cheapest expense option on the expense slider. In the event of confusion, the user can reference the instruction page or press the icon at the bottom right of the screen. This icon directs individuals to a "Q&A" page featuring an advanced intelligent search feature and the ability to chat with the company directly. The search feature looks for keywords such as "Why," "How," or "What" and gives a response based of what keyword was found. If the question matches a F.A.Q. logged in the application, the output will be personalized to that question.
